README.md, before:

WhatsUp Android Client
======================

The WhatsUp Android client enables users to connect to the WhatsUp service and share, comment and rate annotations on a map.

Clone and build using Eclipse IDE
---------------------------------

- Install _EGit_ from Eclipse Marketplace and the _ADT Plugin for Eclipse_ from [Android Developers](http://developer.android.com/sdk/eclipse-adt.html "ADT Plugin for Eclipse").
- [Download the Android SDK](http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html "Download the Android SDK"), tell Eclipse the path to it and setup an emulator or connect a phone.
- Clone the repository by opening the import dialog and choose to import from Git. Preferably clone using SSH if you have access.
- Choose to import as an Eclipse project.
- Now you're ready to build and run the project from Eclipse!

Connect to the Issue queue with Eclipse using Mylyn
---------------------------------------------------

- Install the _GitHub Mylyn Connector_ from Eclipse Market Place.
- Make sure you have the _Task List_ view visible in Eclipse.
- Add a new repository with of the type _GitHub Issues_. Enter the repository details and your GitHub credentials.
- Make sure _Focus on workweek_ is not ticked in the _Task List_.
 Optionally setup a few filters to show open and close issues and issues assigned to you. To do this the _Task Repositories_ view needs to be visible.

Commit message:

Rendered PDFs of documentation from Google Docs, still missing changelog. As this is a historical project, the documents are PDFs and not MarkDown

README.md, after:

WhatsUp Android Client
======================

The WhatsUp Android client enables users to connect to the WhatsUp service and share, comment and rate annotations on a map.

This project was created during DAT255-HT11 and shows a typical project that would receive grade 4 today. The course had different requirements and roadmap, and thus some artifacts that are expected today doesn't exist.

Clone and build using Eclipse IDE
---------------------------------

- Install _EGit_ from Eclipse Marketplace and the _ADT Plugin for Eclipse_ from [Android Developers](http://developer.android.com/sdk/eclipse-adt.html "ADT Plugin for Eclipse").
- [Download the Android SDK](http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html "Download the Android SDK"), tell Eclipse the path to it and setup an emulator or connect a phone.
- Clone the repository by opening the import dialog and choose to import from Git. Preferably clone using SSH if you have access.
- Choose to import as an Eclipse project.
- Now you're ready to build and run the project from Eclipse!

Connect to the Issue queue with Eclipse using Mylyn
---------------------------------------------------

- Install the _GitHub Mylyn Connector_ from Eclipse Market Place.
- Make sure you have the _Task List_ view visible in Eclipse.
- Add a new repository with of the type _GitHub Issues_. Enter the repository details and your GitHub credentials.
- Make sure _Focus on workweek_ is not ticked in the _Task List_.
 Optionally setup a few filters to show open and close issues and issues assigned to you. To do this the _Task Repositories_ view needs to be visible.
